NO ISSUE: merge release/7.2 into release/7.5 (#3055)
couchbase/docs-server: modules/n1ql/pages/n1ql-language-reference/patternmatchingfun.adoc

]
----

> <1> The `REGEXP_SPLIT` function returns any zero-length matches that occur at the start of the _expression_ string, or immediately after a previous match.

Author: Leave as is

```suggestion
<1> The `REGEXP_SPLIT` function returns any zero-length matches that occur at the start of the _expression_ string, except when the split pattern is zero-length. Otherwise, it returns any zero-length matches immediately after a previous match.
```
